Libgsasl README -- important introductory notes
See the end for copying conditions.

This directory holds GNU SASL which is an implemention of the Simple
Authentication and Security Layer (SASL).  It contains a runtime
library `libgsasl' and an application `gsasl' for interfacing with the
library from the command line.

Currently there is some support for the following mechanisms:

  - CRAM-MD5 (RFC 2195, requires libgcrypt)
  - EXTERNAL (RFC 2222)
  - GSSAPI (RFC 2222, requires MIT Kerberos 5 GSSAPI library)
  - ANONYMOUS (RFC 2245)
  - PLAIN (RFC 2595)
  - SECURID (RFC 2808)
  - DIGEST-MD5 (RFC 2831, requires libgcrypt)
  - LOGIN (non-standard)
  - NTLM (non-standard, client only, requires libntlm)

Things left to do below.  If you like to start working on anything,
please let me know so work duplication can be avoided.

  + Authentication infrastructure implementing the callbacks for
    PAM, Kerberos, SQL, etc.  Separate project?  GNU Mailutils has
    some starting points for this, but the API is inflexible.
  + Hide explicit data array handling in a string API
  + Port applications to use libgsasl
  + More SASL mechanisms
  + Security layer improvements, including support for privacy
    separation (authenticate in one process, pass state to another).
  + Securid server fails self tests on alpha-unknown-openbsd3.1,
    I don't understand why.  Memory corruption?
  - Improve documentation
  - Port to Cyclone?

The library (lib/) is licensed under the GNU Lesser Public License
license (see COPYING.LIB), the application (src/) is licensed under
the GNU Public License (see COPYING), and the documentation (doc/) is
licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License (see COPYING.DOC).

The reason the LGPL is used for this library is that other
implementations of SASL exists, Cyrus SASL, but parts of it relies on
software that is incompatible with the GPL.  Do not get the impression
that the LGPL was chosen just because libgsasl is a library.  Because
the LGPL does less to protect the user's freedom, if you are able to
use this library under the GPL license, you are encouraged to do so.

For updates to the project, see <URL:http://josefsson.org/libgsasl/>.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright information:

Copyright (C) 2002 Simon Josefsson

   Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies
   of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the
   copyright notice and this permission notice are preserved,
   thus giving the recipient permission to redistribute in turn.

   Permission is granted to distribute modified versions
   of this document, or of portions of it,
   under the above conditions, provided also that they
   carry prominent notices stating who last changed them.
